Shiny App Physics

The Readme
1. Is the Readme file the first document displayed upon lading the Github? Does this Readme page include a title, and the name and contact information for all project members?
Readme loads on git hub and all their information is included.

2. Is the purpose of this program clear from the Introduction? What -in your own words- is the motivation behind the program.
This program takes a formula that a has a relationship with 3 variables. This 3 variables can be changed by the user and graphs for each variable are going to be generated. This highly useful since it automates what can be viewed as challenging math.

3. Is there a program workflow and is it easy to understand? What -in your own words- is the program workflow?
The user has to give values to 3 variables and the graphs automatically appear.

4. Are the dependencies indicated in the workflow? If there are Hoffman2 specific requirements are they indicated?
For user to normally run it the only dependency is to go on the website. If someone wants to modify the code then it is available as well as the necessary packages.

5. Are there instructions for running the program? Do the instructions make sense? What would you do to improve the instructions?
Yea there instruction are very clear. The instructions are mean only for using the shiny app, maybe give explain the 2 main components of a shiny app in case someone want to modify the code.

6. Is there a section that indicates the files and directories produced by the program?
Yea there is an expected output section it is all written out clearly however if screenshots were added it would be helpful.

7. Are the research programs / motivations for the program cited? Are the dependencies cited?
Sources are cited clearly.
The Scripts
8. Is there a directory that contains all of the program scripts?
Yes the shiny scrip is in there github.

9. Do these programs generate a run log?
No, but doesn't really apply here.
The Vignette
10. Is there a directory called Vignette and does it include a test set, the commands used to run the program and the expected output databases?
Yes it includes multiple varaible for the test set but it does not have any pictures associated with it so the user can see what to expect out of it.

11. Where you able to run the Vignette using the small test dataset? If not what errors did you get? If so was it easy to run the dataset? Where the instructions clear.
Yes, simple and fun.

12. Where you able to reproduce the expected output? If not what was different.
No expected output shown.
General
13. Give at least two suggestions for ways to improve the GitHub page or the operation of the program.
After grading is over perhpas clean up all the files that were created along the way. There many files half completed and this makes it confusing to navigate.
Explain to the user that there might be some lag when changing the variable and the creation of the graphs since it takes a small while and the user can become worried it is not working proper
